# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
This is my complete works for an agile team working on a travel product under the company Chada Tech, we implemented a slideshow to show off derstinations that users may want to travel to.

I interperated user needs by reveiwing user stories and working with a team of developers to ensure quality and efficiency. by working with the Scrum Master and Product owner I was able to ensure smooth implementation of changes by seeking recommendations on my teams developments. One user story I contributed to was the best destinations slideshow which showcased our top vacation destinations by giving images and descritions for each location. This completed a user story and ensure customer satisfaction. The use of user stories was crucail to understanding future implementations, giving the team a dircetion to head into.

Additionally, our daily scrums allowed fellow team members and I to converse on implementations and break into groups that would function best following the pizza rule (Only making a team large enought to finish of two pizzas). Based on experience teams got together to accomplish user stories efficiently.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
there were several agile principals I connected with very well, one being Agile Roles (Product Owner, Scrum Master, Development Team, Testers, and Stakeholders) this allowed me to understand my role within the company and who I could entrust to consult when bottlenecks occured. Additionally, I liked the addition of user stories to my workflow, user stories allowed me to focus on implementations that mattered, reducing time wasted. Finally I liked the idea of daily scrums where team members met to discuss development and potential problems that could occur. This allowed me to stop mistakes before they happened, and helped me complete user stories on time. Scrum will definitely follow me into other products as the improved workflow allowed me to improve my work.
